Add deprecation warning to aiaprep (#3960)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/3960.removal.rst

> Add `deprecated` decorator to `sunpy.instr.aia.aiaprep` in preparation for removal in 3.1

Reviewer: This should be user facing, so it should explain what's been deprecated, what the alternative is and when it's going away.

> Add `sunpy.util.decorators.deprecated` decorator to `sunpy.instr.aia.aiaprep`
> This function is being deprecated in favor of the `register` function in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecate `sunpy.instr.aia.aiaprep` in favor of the `register` function in the 
```
